Welcome to the Yahowah blog and back here
in the library studio.
I'm your host, Craig Winn.
We have been continuing a series called
Return to the Garden.
It is among the most important stories
that I could possibly share with you.
It goes back to a realization that the
garden experience was almost a hundred and
eighty degrees different.
than it has been perceived all of these
years.
And that our path towards God and his
interactions with us are also a hundred
and eighty degrees different than what the
religious have proposed.
The story before I continue,
and we're now in Yasha'yah Isaiah,
as he is describing the process of us
returning to the garden,
is that when you look at the garden
experience,
There was no Eve.
There was no discernible fruit.
There were two trees that heretofore no
one had properly identified, but we have.
We have man being taken from all of
the other animals that existed on earth
and being given one unique difference.
one added attribute that made this man
potentially better than any other animal
in terms of being a potential for a
companion with God.
And that is that Adam was given a
nesama, a conscience,
in addition to what all other animals have
as a consciousness,
which is our nephesh soul.
So a nesama in a difference to a
nephesh soul.
And then
With that addition,
then we were a less robust,
smaller dimensionally version of God,
man was.
That's the image there that with a nesama,
with a conscience,
then we were in the image of God.
It's very much like a blueprint is to
a building.
The blueprint is in two dimensions.
The building is actually infinitely larger
than the blueprint because it's in three
dimensions.
But in God's case,
we're three-dimensional and he's
seven-dimensional.
So it's that infinite increase times an
infinite increase times an infinite
increase times an infinite increase or an
infinity to the fourth power to go from
the third to the seventh dimension.
So this is already a different rendering
of what you've heard than what has been
presented previously.
The single most important aspect of all of
this is the proper understanding of what
Gan represents.
It's Gan Eden.
Gan is a sheltered, covered, protected,
concealed,
Environment that is conducive to life,
sheltered, protected.
Environment that is conducive to life.
This makes Gan Eden,
the Garden of Great Joy,
a microcosm of our planet, of Earth.
You see,
Earth is unique in all of the known
universe.
Our galaxy is unique.
It's in the center of a huge bubble,
unaffected by all of the chaos that is
happening in other galaxies,
the two trillion of them all around us.
And we're in the perfect place in our
galaxy to have access to the heavy
elements so that mankind can be created
from the dust of the earth,
at least our bodies.
perfect environment to minimize constant
bombardment of cosmic rays and of neutron
stars and supernova and all of that and
yet not so far enough,
so far out that there isn't hasn't been
the explosion of first generation stars,
providing the hella heavy elements that
are necessary, not only for our planet,
but for life itself.
And protected from all of the bombardment
of other galaxies because of this bubble
that we happen to be in.
And then you look at the Earth itself
with its moon and its star and its
orbit, and it's the perfect star for life.
A red dwarf,
as are so many stars as you move
further out in galaxies that are too
unpredictable, too unreliable.
It is not such a massive star that
it would be way too short-lived for life
to develop on our planet.
It's the perfect size star.
Perfect demeanor of a star.
And the Earth happens to be the perfect
distance from that star.
You see what happens with Venus just a
wee bit closer and Mars just a wee
bit further out.
But it is also our molten core that
spins,
creating a magnetic field that is so
essential to life on this planet.
And, you know, Mars doesn't have one.
Maybe it had one long ago,
but it doesn't have one anymore.
And without it,
there is no protection for cosmic rays and
life cannot develop.
You have to have enormous amounts of
water.
And again,
in this Goldilocks zone where water can be
liquid on the surface,
that is very precisely tuned.
And you have to have a moon abnormally
large that creates tides.
Otherwise, life is impossible.
You have to have Teutonic plates that move
the crust for life to be possible.
You have to have a giant planet that's
a gaseous giant.
that is the perfect distance actually
outside of the orbit of the planet for
it to absorb the shock of all of
the crashing meteors and comets that would
otherwise destroy life on the planet like
when this planet was hit sixty million
years ago to end the reign of the
dinosaurs.
It's just one checklist after another that
makes the planet just so extraordinarily
rare that it is
a sheltered and protective garden that is
conducive to life.
Eden is the microcosm of it.
The other thing that's interesting in this
regard is the correlation between Eden and
Gan Eden, Gan from Ghana,
meaning sheltered and enclosed,
protective place for a garden, and Sukkah.
which is from Sakak,
which has the exact same definition,
to be sheltered, protected, covered.
So what we're actually doing with God's
plan as it's laid out in the Towrah
is we're going from the garden back to
the garden over six thousand years.
So we end up in the garden over
the seventh thousandth year.
And that's exactly where we are.
We are just seven and a half years
now away from our beginning of the seventh
millennium man.
And it is on Sukkah that we will
return to the garden.
So why were we kicked out of the
garden?
Why six steps?
Why six thousand years in between?
And why are we being invited back to
the garden?
That is something that I'm positive that
no one else has ever shared with you
before.
And the reason is that in the garden,
man was a flop.
We failed not because of sin.
There was no original sin.
That's Roman Catholic malarkey.
We've,
failed in the garden because we didn't do
any of the things that Yahowah needed us
to do for us to be able to
be allowed out of the garden in a
manner that God could actually take us off
of this planet and go explore the
universe, which was his intent.
You see,
this universe that we're in is so enormous
that mankind,
after all of this time has only managed
to go to our moon.
And only that what's six or seven times
and the longest being less than a week.
And the fact that we're pretending to go
back is only because just like the last
time we had a reason we wanted to
beat the Soviets.
This time we want to beat the Chinese,
but no one's going to live on the
moon.
It's way too toxic.
And the moon is three days distant at
our present traveling speeds.
And Mars,
even at the best point where our orbits
get sort of a line, which happens every,
what,
twenty four months or twenty two months,
I think is is the period almost two
years, is that it at that point,
it's
six to nine months en route.
But the travel time, the distance as well,
hugely disparate.
The fact is no one is ever going
to go to Mars to live.
Elon Musk is just flat out wrong.
And I'm sure he knows it,
but he doesn't want to admit it because
then what else does he do with SpaceX?
What does he do with his money?
What does he do with his life?
But no one's going to Mars to live.
We may one time,
send people to Mars to die,
but they're not going to live there.
And beyond that,
there is a zero percent chance that human
beings will ever even travel there.
That's how great the distances are.
Now,
if we were to try to travel to
the nearest star,
which is a lousy triplet of red dwarfs,
It would take seventy thousand years to
get there.
Seventy thousand years.
And after a matter of one year,
the human being wouldn't survive.
Our bodies would deteriorate to the point
that it wouldn't be possible.
We can't survive one year,
my seventy thousand years.
One of the reasons why Mars isn't doable.
It can't get away from Earth's gravity.
for more than a year and expect to
survive it.
So this planet is unique.
Now we know we have a universe of
two trillion stars,
none of which we can reach.
Not two trillion stars,
two trillion galaxies,
each with a few hundred billion stars,
each with hundreds of planets and moons.
We can't get there to any of them.
But God created it.
And he wants us to see it.
He wants to share it.
What good is something that magnificent if
you don't have someone to share it with?
So now back to the garden.
What did Yahowah want from Adam,
from this man that he gave a conscience
so he could be smarter than any of
the animals that can actually think.
And
The first thing he said of man,
he wanted man to work, to engage,
to do something, to make a contribution.
He's not looking for a dependent.
Adam was a dependent.
He didn't contribute anything.
Men have heretofore,
you could count on two hands,
maybe two feet and two hands if you
count fingers and toes of the people who
have actually productively engaged with
Yahowah over these past six thousand years
and only
Two or three of them are really notable.
Maybe a handful that are really notable
that have made a tremendous contribution.
The first who listened and did what God
said is Noah.
The next is Moshe.
After that, you get to Dowd, David.
Not a lot of people.
you know, brief periods here and there,
but to see it all the way through
and make a major contribution is very few
examples.
So the first thing God wanted is somebody
to work with him, to engage with him.
God values work.
He is always wanting to engage and to
make a contribution to make things better.
And mankind has not been good in that
regard.
We've been horrible.
The second thing he asked a man is
you be observant, Shamar.
I want you to pay attention.
God doesn't want someone who he can take
to explore the universe.
And that travel companion has to be
observant.
Somebody who closely examines and
carefully considers and enjoys that
process.
Otherwise, we're lousy travel companions.
You want to do a show and tell.
You want the person you're doing the show
and tell to see and think, right?
That's what Shamar means.
And Adam flunked Shamar.
Then God gave Adam instructions and
there's no indication that he listened or
responded appropriately to them.
God needs that.
And when given the chance and he made
a mistake, God had a remedy for it.
Just stop doing that.
But he doubled and tripled and quadrupled
down and continued to wallow in what God
had asked him not to do.
So Adam proved to be completely
untrustworthy.
And then when God asked Adam,
Man, why did you do that?
Rather than take responsibility and say,
listen, I made a mistake.
Let's reset this.
I should have responded differently.
It's my bad.
I'd like to make this a learning
experience.
No,
he blamed God and then blamed the woman.
He didn't take responsibility.
The woman was even worse.
So mankind just failed.
It wasn't a sin of commission as in
first sin.
It was a failure by omission.
We just were lousy at the four things
God wanted.
He wants somebody that when they stumble
and fall and make a mistake knows how
to get back up,
how to correct the mistake,
how to own the mistake and grow from
it.
and somebody who is devoted, dedicated,
and God's a hard worker.
So you really have to make a contribution
if you want to get his attention.
And so we have to prove ourselves worthy.
Adam did not.
And so God is the one who went
and told us that it's not good for
man to be alone.
And what I've shared here is you don't
understand what he was saying if you think
that, well,
then he needs a woman and man should
be with one.
That's not what God was saying.
What God was saying is, I'm leaving you.
You have, in this sheltered environment,
you have a zero percent chance of ever
maturing and developing each of those four
skill sets that I'm looking for.
You're not observant.
You're not active and making a
contribution.
You're a lousy listener.
And when you make a mistake,
you wallow in it.
You're not reliable.
You're not dependable.
You're over for,
and nothing's going to get better.
If I continue to have you in this
sheltered garden,
you're going to have to skin some knees
and fall and get back up for you
to be worth my attention.
So God abandoned Adam.
The fall of man was created before Chawah,
the woman, was even conceived.
So you can't blame the woman,
as is the case in Islam.
And a lot of Christian cults like to
blame the mythical Eve.
No one named Eve was in the garden.
It was Chawah.
Chawah actually means to state your mind.
But God caused the fall of man before
woman was even created.
And woman was created in man's image for
the express purpose
of being a benefit to man so that
collectively men and women could earn
Yahowah's respect and trust.
I know you've never heard any of that
before, but that's the story.
And the central figures in that story are
actually the trees.
And the trees are not plants.
They're people.
The tree of lives is the greater luminary
of Genesis one.
The tree of knowledge is the lesser
luminary of Genesis one.
These are the two men who on the
fourth day make a contribution to this
restoration of the relationship by
fulfilling the Mowedym, what God says,
their signs.
relative to the Mowedym and that the lesser
luminary reflects the greater luminaries
light.
Just as the tree of knowledge explains who
the tree of lives is and how you
benefit from it.
We're later told by the prophet Isaiah
whose testimony we're considering now in
the eleventh chapter in Isaiah that the
tree of knowledge
The Etz Da'ath is the Choter.
One of the most important prophecies ever
uttered because he's the only person in
human history that has given the seven
spirits of Yahowah.
One of them is etzah,
which is to be this tree who can
present the entire picture that God has
painted and provided for us from beginning
to end.
And of Da'ath, which is knowledge,
vast reservoir of knowledge.
of knowledge.
There's thirty-five of these.
This is the living manifestation of the
tree of the knowledge of good and evil
in our world today.
And the greatest discovery that that tree
of knowledge made as the Choter with the
seven spirits of Yahowah
is the Dowd, is the Messiah,
the chosen one, the son of God,
the former and returning king who as our
savior fulfilled Pesach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE,
as he himself told,
giving us the exact dates that he would
do it in year four thousand YAH,
and that he is the only eyewitness
who wrote about it and told us exactly
how the Romans would crucify him,
which means the crucifixion victim is no
David,
not the mythical Jesus who was created in
fifty-two CE by Paul as a crude
counterfeit.
The greatest discovery in human history
pursuant to developing a relationship with
God,
to being able to earn God's trust and
to leave this planet in his company.
These are all insights that from the
Genesis one and Genesis two,
and then into Genesis three,
that I was able to deduce for you
and share with you,
but it doesn't end there,
even though that would be magnificent.
But now that we know why God caused
the fall of man and ended the experiment
in Gan Eden as this microcosm for the
planet earth,
is that we didn't pass muster.
We weren't interesting.
We were not trustworthy.
We were not engaged.
We were not contributors.
We were dependents expecting entitlements.
That didn't work.
That's not what God's looking for.
You see,
if God takes us off of this planet,
we call earth, and he then,
enables us to travel as light energy.
He has to increase our power and our
capability by at the very least by the
square of the speed of light for us
to shed our material bodies and to have
our souls enveloped in light energy.
And that is the only way that we
can leave this planet and actually explore
our galaxy much less all of the other
two trillion galaxies out there and the
billions of solar systems within each of
those and for us to learn what we
are now referring to as dark energy and
dark matter come to understand what they
are experience them witness them and then
go internally at the same magnitude to
appreciate quarks and leptons and protons
and neutrons
uh and electrons and so that we understand
how atoms are comprised and how molecules
are comprised and the energy that holds
them together and how in fact energy and
matter are the same thing just different
amounts of the same thing equals mc
squared for god to allow us to be
emancipated from this
to be enriched and empowered by that
degree so that our souls are enveloped in
light energy and makes it possible,
therefore,
for us to be lifted from three D
to four in time,
to five and to six,
and ultimately into seven,
which is the God's environment.
He has to trust us.
If you are not trustworthy and reliable,
You could really mess things up.
I don't think it's going to be possible
for us to maneuver backwards in time
because too many bad things would happen.
I think we may be able to witness
it but not interact with it backwards.
But should somebody try to do so,
they could destroy the whole universe.
Black holes are dangerous.
Neutron stars are dangerous.
Everything out there will kill you unless
you know what you're doing.
I think God's going to allow us to
conceive life,
but we have to do so responsibly.
And so he needs to have someone who
will listen.
And when we go off with him,
who will pay attention and be an
interesting explorer who can be relied
upon.
And this whole experience over this past
six thousand years is to show that that's
possible.
And the first time it was demonstrated
possible was when Noah,
he listened to God.
He did what God had asked.
He worked very hard at his craft and
he saved his family and
And in so doing,
the metaphors between the eight of them,
which I don't want to go into all
the detail here because I have in previous
shows and why eight of them is so
meaningful to us,
or why the rainbow was the sign at
the end and it was the sign of
the covenant is so meaningful to us,
or why the people who were wiped out
at that time were the Nephilim,
which means to fall, those who fall.
Talk about the fall of man.
The stories are interrelated in this
regard,
or how the flood was started as God
said, with an upwelling of deep sea water.
It was the Burkle Impact Crater,
if you wanna know where it was,
when it happened,
and it caused this tsunami of water to
rush up all the way through the
Mesopotamia up into the Black Sea,
which at that time was freshwater,
turned to saltwater.
Water rose five hundred feet and it blew
out through the Mossborough Straits,
opening a sea lane from the Black Sea
into the Mediterranean.
That all happened just as God said it
would.
And that impact crater caused the forty
days of rain that followed.
And so it happened exactly when, where,
why God said it would.
Marvelous story, but we're going to
We need to know that he was,
Noah was the example.
Noah even means guide.
He was the guide that tells us it
is possible to earn God's trust,
to engage with him, to listen,
to be observant, to pay attention.
You got to know that he made a
lot of mistakes trying to build that
massive boat,
but you don't hear him complaining.
You got it done.
And then, of course, you have Moshe.
I didn't want to do this,
but he did.
He saw through.
Toughest job in the history of humanity,
hurting Jews throughout the wilderness for
forty years when they were so obnoxious.
But he did it.
And then, of course,
the greatest example in human history is
Dowd, the beloved son of God,
the chosen one, our Messiah, King,
our Savior,
not only produced some one hundred songs
and prose in the word pictures of the
Mashal for us,
but he
He is the one who fulfilled Pesach,
Matzah, and Bikuwrym,
making it possible for us to transition
from this world to the next without our
religious guilt, our lives eternal,
us being adopted into God's family,
being enriched and empowered by him.
So Dowd made it possible for us to
make that transition.
That was two thousand years ago when he
fulfilled this spring Miqraey.
But it's the fall Miqraey.
that bring us back into the garden.
And that's what this story is all about.
That is why we turn to Isaiah,
because he is telling us exactly the
timing of when these mechanisms will come
into fruition,
because
we have to first, from God's perspective,
we have to first have a harvest of
mature grain that's active in the field
and stout, standing up,
making a difference, being productive,
and that they need to be harvested,
Qatsyr is the Yahowah's term,
in advance of the worst of the time
of Yaakov's troubles so that we are
therefore given an invigorating
opportunity to become much more effective
teachers and witnesses and leaders going
forward.
And so we're being called out of the
world, not to go on vacation,
but to go into intensive learning,
if you will,
and preparation for the job that
will be ours going forward.
And then come Taruwah,
it's the greatest show on earth.
Everything pivots one way or another.
That's the fulcrum of life on this planet.
Those who have listened to the two
witnesses and who show the right attitude
and aptitude to be purged of the religious
and political guilt will benefit from the
sacrifice of the Adam of Perah,
with Eliab being the...
master of ceremonies,
God himself lighting the flames,
releasing torrents of water from
underneath the temple mount to cleanse
this mortal remnant of the religious
guilt.
And as a result of that,
God's going to have brought in all of
the people that he views could benefit
from this into Jerusalem.
Everybody else is going to be exterminated
because we're returning to the garden.
You can't have...
conspiratorialists, anti-Semites,
religious people, political people,
militant people.
We can't have any of them.
They all have to be expunged.
They'll all be gone.
And then God's immediately terraforming
the earth from its tragic condition that
it will be in seven and a half
years from now,
back into the conditions that were
experienced in Eden, the entire planet.
And Dowd and Yahowah will return,
King and God, on Yom Kipurym,
In twenty thirty three, October second,
and we will reenter the garden on the
seventh.
Of October.
On Sukkah.
Where we'll have a thousand years to work
with this mortal remnant who has just been
purged of their guilt,
who have met Dowd for the first time,
been introduced to God.
Of what they're going to have to do
to be worthy.
of leaving this planet.
We've got a thousand years to educate
them, to prepare them, to equip them,
to lead them, to guide them,
to be role models for them,
so that we don't make the same mistake
as Adam.
We show that God can trust us.
We show that we're willing to work.
We show that we're more than willing to
be observant, to listen.
When we stumble, we get back up.
God's not looking for perfect.
Perfect is boring as hell.
You see,
one of the things about God that most
people don't recognize,
God cannot be omniscient.
He cannot be omnipresent.
Those two things would render him
meaningless,
would render him the dirt itself.
And if he was omniscient,
then he would know all things and no
relationship would be of any interest to
him.
God is neither of those things.
But for God to continue to be infinite,
which from our point of view,
he is the epitome of the seventh
dimension, he must continue to grow.
God must grow.
If he doesn't grow, he cannot be infinite.
And the best way for God to grow
is through shared experiences,
like we do when we have a family,
when we build something of value and work
with others to achieve it.
And it is by those shared experiences and
shared endeavors that God's going to grow.
And our job is to assemble a properly
prepared and equipped group of humans to
make that possible so that God's eternity
is as enjoyable and productive as will be
those who are selected for it.
And so this is the path to it.
And that's why we're now in Isaiah,
Isaiah,
reading about how this is going to come
into fruition.
So I guess that's a thirty three minute
introduction to where we were in our last
program.
But you see,
my job is to explain it.
I'm.
Here's how the next seven years are going
to play out.
That's an amazing book that walks you
through the prophets.
My job is to explain it.
My job is to share it with you
in a way that pierces right into your
soul.
It causes you to say, wow,
that makes perfect sense.
I have faith.
Never heard that before, but boy,
that explains that whole story in a way
that's meaningful.
We don't have a woman biting an apple
with long hair,
handing a bite to a man,
and then having God get all upset.
That's not what happened at all.
That's not why the story is told.
And we don't have a man-God arrived that
men can kill that is somehow bodily
resurrected that's unrelated to all the
story that happened prior.
We don't have to go through all of
that,
nor do we have to have all of
the laws and gymnastics of Judaism or the
craziness of Islam.
It's just...
god is a father and a relationship that
he is inviting us to participate in in
a manner that he has not only articulated
but demonstrated is feasible so it's my
job I'm here to tell you that I'm
I'm going to do my job the best
i possibly can why because what god wanted
when we began our collaboration is to
demonstrate that Dowd and Moshe and Noah
weren't the only ones who could pass
muster,
who could be sufficiently devoted to get
this job done, to do as God wants,
to be a good listener,
to go where the words lead,
to be observant,
to be observant enough that you could
write thirty-five of these based upon an
amplified translation and interpretation
of what God had written and deduce
Tens of thousands of profoundly important
insights that no one had perceived
previously.
That's my job,
but it's only part of my job.
The bigger part of the job is to
share it with you,
how you choose to respond to it.
Not my responsibility.
It is my responsibility to share it with
you as completely as credibly as, uh, uh,
as compellingly as it is possible.
And.
I hope that there are those among you
who are motivated to capitalize on what
I'm sharing.
I don't get any brownie points if you
do or if you don't.
My job is to be as committed as
is humanly possible to learning and
sharing God's story,
to explaining to you why you're here and
how God has made it possible for you
to leave this rock
and explore the universe with him.
So this is your opportunity.
As I say,
I hope you are among those who are
willing to capitalize upon it.
But if you're gonna be part of this
upcoming Shabuwah harvest,
you better get your act together.
God's not looking for dependence.
This isn't Christianity and four spiritual
laws.
This isn't a profession of faith.
You've got to respond based upon what
you've come to know, what you've learned.
You need to go to yadayah.com and start
reading.
I'm not charging a nickel for anything.
Not looking for a following,
not looking for any donations.
Books are all free at yadayah.com.
Go there, capitalize upon it, learn.
Then engage doing what we're doing.
Make a contribution along with us.
There is a very dedicated team that is
helping you hear this message,
wherever you may be.
It's your job to be receptive and respond.
That's what God's looking for.
And then to engage.
All right,
so I'm going to go back to Yasha'yah,
verse seventeen,
now that you have
a bit more of an understanding of why
we're here, because it is Yasha'yah,
the great prophet Isaiah,
who was the one who explained how we
go from the man that was booted out
of the garden for noncompliance,
such that we're either among this mortal
remnant that's allowed back into the
garden, or far better for you,
and for God, and for Dowd, our savior,
and for the prophet Yasha'yah,
that you listen up,
and that you're part of the Shabuwah
harvest,
because that's the group that's going to
be so active in working together with the
tree of lives and the tree of knowledge
to equip this mortal remnant of Yisrael
and prepare
a family for father and son,
Yahowah and Dowd.
So he wrote then,
and this is after the,
he has spoken of Israel being thinned at
the waist so that the nation is no
longer defensible.
So that will be in the immediate proximity
to
what's called the two-state solution or a
Palestinian,
I even hate to say that word because
there's no such thing as a Palestinian,
but a Palestinian state being imposed on
Israel.
And I know Israel is saying, oh,
never going to happen.
The prophets say, oh, yeah,
it is going to happen.
And it's going to happen soon,
by the way.
Absolutely within the next.
Eighteen months,
possibly within the next six.
I would say I think it's actually likely
within the next six,
but absolutely within the next eighteen,
this is going to happen.
And the harvest that is being spoken of
here, he is responsible for this.
He's called a Qatsyr,
a reaper of the harvest.
He is called a...
A Zarowa,
one cultivating the seeds of a productive
harvest and those who are being taken from
this world to enter the seventh dimension,
to recharge and prepare for what follows
are called qāmāh, which is standing grain.
Let me read it to you.
Then he will actually be,
and it will come to exist.
that someone who can be compared to the
Qatsyr, the reaper of the harvest.
He will be collecting and assembling,
the ingathering and withdrawing while
escorting, this is āsāph, the qāmāh,
the standing grain.
It is grain, particularly wheat,
we're told in the Towrah,
which is established
Upright.
On the stock.
Still in the field.
Grown.
Mature.
And it's from kum.
Kum means to rise.
To be empowered.
To persist.
To be established.
To fulfill your purpose.
And to confirm the truth.
It's very, very good to be qāmāh.
It's a lot of responsibility to be Qatsyr.
But
When you're harvesting qāmāh,
you're with the best of all possible
people.
Then it says, and this Zarowa,
so the Qatsyr, the reaper of this harvest,
is a Zarowa.
It's a title.
He is the one cultivating the seeds sown
for this harvest to be especially fruitful
and productive.
It's from the Hebrew verb Zahra,
which has the same meaning.
He is presented as the strong arm of
God at this point,
the influence that God has in planting and
cultivating these seeds.
It says he will reap the harvest.
Zarowa who is the cats here is going
to reap this harvest of the qāmāhl the
standing grain from the field with
unfolding implications even as time is now
short and during an anguishing period i
only have seven years left from the garden
to the garden six thousand years you got
seven years and a few months left i
would say that's on the short end of
time wouldn't you and we're already
knowing we're experiencing how anguishing
this period is for jews more anti-semitism
more attacks on jews than any time in
human history and the prophets say that
it's going to get so bad that two
out of every three jews are going to
die that's how bad this is going to
get
with anti-Semitic attacks and it's
primarily because there will be an al-Asqa
flood, two point oh,
that will be hugely worse than al-Asqa
flood of October seventh, twenty three.
Time is running short,
the time that's called the time of
Yaakov's troubles,
the time of Israel's troubles,
it's upon us.
It begins in five months.
It's already bad.
But the time of Jacob's troubles begins in
five months.
It runs all the way through Taruwah of
twenty thirty three.
Seven years.
It's an anguishing period.
Time is short.
It is the Zarowa's and the Qatsyr's job
to reap this harvest of qāmāhl of the
standing grain from the field with
unfolding implications as time is cut
short.
And
As we read this in the previous statement,
where he is responsible for the end
gathering,
he is also accompanying the end gathering
and is escorting those home.
Because it can be very different when we
come to Taruwah, where the same Zarowa,
he stays behind on that harvest.
More to do.
And so this is an anguishing period of
Qatsyr.
And it's then reads the Shabbat for first
fruits following as a stream of grain.
In addition,
then he will actually be such that it
will come to exist.
That this someone who is comparable to a
lot.
Very similar role.
but different, same man.
The one who gleans, a final, smaller,
more challenging in gathering is going to
rapidly remove what remains.
So after this cat sear,
of standing grain, which is Shabuwah.
Taurus is very clear of the Shabuwah
harvest being of standing grain.
That's Shabuwah.
The same man seven years later is gonna
be responsible for a Lakot.
And that means that he's gonna be the
one who gleans a smaller and more
challenging ingathering.
And he's going to rapidly remove what
remains
a man who takes what's left after the
initial harvest,
even as the yield diminishes and it's more
laborious to pick and collect.
And this time,
Shabolam again of the first fruits on the
stems, off the main branch,
appearing out of a torrent of floodwaters,
moving as they stream from one place to
another in linear fashion.
It's a
stream of light,
and it's going to be very closely timed
with the release of floodwaters underneath
the Temple Mount,
which will purge the mortal remnant that
is being brought into Yisroel as this
final harvest, this gleaning takes place.
And it says this is going to occur
in the profound depths of Raphaim,
where the sick will be healed.
and the defected will be restored,
while those who are feeble will falter,
and the souls of the dead will remain.
Yeshayah, Seventeen Five.
All I can tell you is since I
have been over this passage and detailed
every word for you previously,
is that that's one of the most profoundly
important pronouncements ever made,
and it is pertinent to exactly where we
are right now.
Because this Shabuwah harvest and this
vexing time of trouble will transpire
either this next Shabuwah,
the twenty second of May twenty twenty
six, which is a Shabbat.
Or it's going to occur a year later
on the eleventh of June,
also a Shabbat of twenty twenty seven.
Either five months or.
Eighteen months away.
You want to be part of it and
you cannot be part of this at the
last minute.
There will be no last minute attendees.
This is mature standing grain.
No last minute.
Oh, well,
I'm going to continue to live my life
just as I am.
And maybe at the very end, I'll,
I'll do something that, uh,
indicates that, you know,
I can be a trust.
No, you,
you need to be about your choice now.
It's a lot to learn.
The purpose of the Shabuwah harvest isn't
to take babies and to give them milk.
It's to prepare men and women who have
proven and demonstrated that they're
active learners,
that they know what God has offering,
what he has communicated to us and what
our responsibilities are.
And of course, that second harvest,
that gleaning of those who were
Left is on Taruwah,
seven years later in twenty thirty three.
Now,
still speaking of the Bashar that was
mentioned earlier, the Qatsyr,
which is the harvester, the Lakat,
the gleaner and the Zarowa,
the one who is following in the footsteps
of Moshe and Daud is the first two
Zarowa who is preparing this harvest,
collecting it, cultivating it.
And he will remain.
So this is different now, isn't it,
on Taruwah than it was on Shabuwah where
he accompanies those being harvested.
This time he will remain.
He will endure being left behind with the
remainder as flesh and blood,
having caused people with physical bodies
to be spared as a remnant.
Vah Sha'ar.
Just one word, rocked my world.
I hope it inspires you.
Sha'ar is then in a wa-sha'ar,
would be then in a close relationship.
He, speaking of the Zarowa,
of the cat seer, will stay behind.
His body will serve as a reminder for
the remainder
of the extended family who are still
leavened,
a remnant of blood relations left over and
remaining as physical beings.
Sha'ar means to remain and to be left
behind.
It is written identically to sha'or,
meaning leavened, sha'ar being a remnant,
a remainder and the residue, and sha'er,
physical body comprised of flesh and
blood,
a corporeal mass of meat and a blood
relative, niffle, perfect, third person,
masculine, singular.
For the subject who is the Zarowa,
who has been cultivating the fruitful
harvest and productive gleaning,
will carry out and endure the action which
is to be left behind while causing others
to remain in physical bodies based upon
the choices he and they have made.
And that concludes with he will do all
of this during it, during the harvest,
during Taruwah,
which is what is being described here.
And that's seventeen six of Isaiah in
part.
Now, only two words in Hebrew,
Bashaar and Bahiu.
And yet, as I say,
they rocked my world.
Rendering them correctly brought me back
to a conversation that I've shared
previously that I had with Yahowah after
meeting my wife, Leah.
This goes back, oh,
I guess eight years ago.
We were concerned over our Labrador puppy.
She is right now no longer a puppy.
Right here at my feet,
she's snoozing as she does during these
shows.
And her name is Asher.
I named her after the first word I
translated in Hebrew.
I asked Yahowah if our beloved pet would
be coming with us on Taruwah.
I knew God loves animals,
particularly dogs.
Koleb was one of his very favorite people.
It's the Hebrew word for dog.
And God's answer was shocking to me at
the time.
I didn't understand it.
He replied,
so where do you think you're going?
I had no idea how to process that.
Now I do.
I'm not going anywhere on Taruwah.
I'm staying behind because I'm the Taruwah
sacrifice.
I am the Adam of Perah.
So now I know the reason for his
answer.
Nowhere.
I will, well, nowhere and everywhere.
I will not be joining the covenant members
gleaned on Friday evening,
the
The twenty-third of September,
twenty-thirty-three.
Instead, I will sha'ar.
I will remain behind as flesh and blood.
As the sun rises on the Shabbat of
Taruwah, the twenty-fourth of September,
twenty-thirty-three.
Year six thousand, yah.
It's going to be the most extraordinary
twenty-four hours in human history from
that evening, what happens that night,
and then on this magnificent day.
I will continue to serve those left
behind,
the very people I've had the honor to
spare and protect during the gleaning so
that they're available for the great purge
late this morning.
On the day of the herald,
the Bashar body of the Bashar herald will
be sacrificed as the Adamah Parah,
this bloody red man of the earth who
is a fruitful and productive bull.
preparing the mortal remnant of Yisrael,
for Dowd's return on Kipurym with Yahowah,
and for the reentry to the garden on
Sukkah.
The Qatsyr and the Zarowa will not
accompany the ingathering, nor will Elia,
who was the other witness at this time,
along with Yada.
This, as I have mentioned,
will be the greatest show on earth.
And we both have roles to perform.
As the final gleaning is underway,
our job this night will be to gain
the attention and then protect every
remaining Israelite in Jerusalem with the
potential to be purged of religious
residue.
And all the while,
Yahowah is going to be releasing four
chariots from Shamaym.
Four means of conveyance.
And one of them,
Elia and I are aboard.
It's the red one that the purpose is
to gather every Israelite in Jerusalem
that has the potential to benefit from
this sacrifice.
They're not overtly religious or
political,
certainly not conspiratorial or
anti-Semitic.
the while the other three will be going
about their business all around the world
that night uh the black chariots the one
you don't want to be on but if
you're dressed in black as a religious jew
you're in trouble because your souls will
be taken and all the way into
incarceration and shield there is then the
white chariot pretty cool to be on that
one that means that
You are a Yehud from somewhere on earth,
God's name,
the places that he's going to bring you
home.
That means that you have been determined
to have the disposition, attitude,
aptitude,
such that there is the potential for you
to benefit from this sacrifice of the
Adamah Purah and witness those return and
enter Eden.
So that potential is extraordinarily
important,
and I hope that you're among those who
will have that opportunity.
And then there is the dappled conveyance,
and it's to accumulate goyim, Gentiles.
um who are not overtly religious overtly
political overtly conspiratorial not
anti-semitic who have again aptitudes and
attitudes that are conducive to the work
that will be done in our return to
Gan Eden and they will be brought also
and then well from that point on things
get really really interesting so as we
gather everyone who might benefit
From the cure,
we will be continuing to communicate to
everyone gathered in Jerusalem.
It's going to be an extraordinary time.
We're going to talk God's people out of
harm's way until morning.
And we know what's going to happen now
on the black chariot that will haul away
the overtly religious.
The white conveyance will be next and
bring in a world of Israelites and Yahuwdym
who are not overtly religious.
And they will be brought into Jerusalem,
which is now being protected.
And soon they'll be purged and prepared by
the bull's sacrifice later this morning.
And finally,
the dappled chariot will search the planet
to find and gather Goyim.
who will serve in the garden, Kam Sukah.
Now,
once these spiritual vehicles have
concluded their mission,
Yahowah will scorch the earth,
incinerating all traces of religion and
the religious, militants, militaries,
the overtly political and the
conspiratorial.
They'll all go.
Once that is complete,
he will transform the earth such that it
resembles the condition in Eden.
These transformational events will be
ongoing during the Shabbat of Taruwah as
Elia summons the corporeal manifestation
of ha-Satan and his minions to slay the
Adam of Perah,
this bloody red man of the earth who
is this productive bull.
Doing so for all to see on a
temple mount that has already seen the
Dome of the Rock and Alaska Mosque purged,
removed,
The temple at Mount itself brought back to
pristine conditions.
And God is going to erect a tent
of the restoring witness there.
He will have brought in back the Ark
of the Covenant with its Kippur at its
mercy seat.
The two tablets of stone will be there.
Original copy of the Towrah will be there
as well.
And then at that moment,
Elia is going to summon the corporeal
manifestation of ha-Satan.
This will be his last act.
And my body as the Adamah Parah
will be beaten to death.
which is why Sha'ar was selected to tell
us that the sacrifice is being left behind
as a remainder, as flesh and blood.
And on behalf of this Sha'ar,
this mortal remnant with physical bodies,
they're going to benefit from the
sacrifice.
It's going to be numbers nineteen meshed
with numbers five.
So in that this sacrifice is of the
Bashar, this human herald, the Qatsyr,
the reaper of the harvest, and the Zarowa,
this man cultivating a productive harvest.
And he's clearly a man,
as is the Adam of Parah.
I was surprised knowing that, well,
I was going to be beaten to death
by Satan.
I had not anticipated that.
And that's going to happen for all to
see.
And then when I saw the prophet use
para, productive bull,
in the very next sentence in association
with the Yahuwdym and Yisraelite being
left behind and protected by this Zarowa,
the magnitude of the moment became
pregnant.
Yahowah was explaining how, when, where,
Why?
The Adamah Parah numbers, nineteen,
would resolve the guilt associated with
Dowd's bride of Bamidbar V.
The whole picture comes together.
That is our future.
So do you wish to participate?
So in Sha'ar, it's all there.
He, speaking of the Zarowa,
will be staying behind.
He will remain.
enduring being left behind with the
remainder as flesh and blood for having
caused people with physical bodies to be
spared as a remnant.
He is engaged in a close relationship,
serving as a reminder for the remainder of
the extended family who are still leavened
as physical beings.
And in the niffle-perfect third-person
masculine singular,
This means that this Zarowa who has been
cultivating the fruitful harvest and
productive gleaning is going to carry out
and endure this whole process of those who
are left behind and being left behind
while causing others to remain in physical
bodies
based upon the choices he and they have
made.
And by concluding the prophetic
pronouncement with Bah-Hu,
the final Zarowa and the Qatsyr will serve
the mortal remnant of Yisrael throughout
the whole of Taruwah.
So as we consider what comes next,
it is helpful to know that Olia,
immature fruit describes those who don't
yet know Yahowah or realize all Dowd has
achieved,
but who still possess the potential given
the opportunity to mature and grow.
Those who are left represent the mortal
remnant who have survived the time of
Israel's troubles and who are now gathered
around the Temple Mount to listen to Elia
and Yara.
And since they were harvested or
unharvestable because they were not
properly mature.
This means that they missed the Taruwah
Lakot because they had not accepted the
terms and conditions of the Bereth
covenant or availed themselves of the
Mowedym, the restoring witnesses.
Being olila, infantile,
and still a bit capricious.
They were set aside and they will be
given time to grow up and mature.
Yasha'yah chose to reveal an important
association between the beating of this
olive tree and the Choter stem and branch,
who is the Zarowa,
who will be lashing away in order to
dissuade Jews from clinging to Judaism.
Let go!
It's particularly clever because branches
were actually used to strike the trees to
dislodge the last of the fruit.
It was the prescribed method of harvesting
olives.
And in this case,
since Yasha'yah revealed that the Choter is
etzah and dayah,
providing the counsel of the tree of
knowledge,
he is trying to garner the attention of
these remaining Israelites so that they
might learn enough to let go.
Let God take it from here.
Shamaym in this passage is a dual noun,
and it's also a number,
which is most commonly rendered as two.
but it can also convey a pair,
both or double portion,
even twice or a second time.
There was no law used to connect Shanaim
and Shalosh, three or third.
Therefore,
while I've rendered the phrase two or
three,
the other options are pairs of three,
an additional time for three,
or a double portion for a third.
And either way, all these ways,
it's likely addressing some multiple of
these numerals as we consider the full
implications.
Gargar,
is a bit of a challenge, of course,
since it only appears this once in the
Towrah, the Nabiy'im and Wa Mizmowr,
making it subject to interpretation.
Based upon this context pertaining to the
olive tree,
it is typically rendered as olive berry.
However, on four occasions,
gar'ar becomes gar'orth.
which in this regard is used to speak
of one's neck.
Solomon uses gargoth in this regard in his
first Mishal proverb,
stating that the instruction and teaching
are wreaths for one's head and
ornamentation for one's neck, gargoth.
In Proverbs three,
which I assume would be from Dowd,
he encourages us to persist with kindness
and truth such that they are bound around
our gargoth neck.
And he states that intelligence and
discernment should adorn our gargoth
throats.
There's also the possibility that gargar
is an emphatic duplication of garrar,
to be caught and taken away.
Lastly, with two letters in common,
it may also be influenced by the verbal
root garrah, which is to restrain, abate,
keep back, diminish, and withdraw.
I'm going over all of these words because
it's essential that we understand the
essence of what the prophet Isaiah
was communicating on behalf of Yahowah.
Yahowah has been the speaker.
He continues to be the speaker.
God is very bright.
He can communicate on many levels
simultaneously.
The Hebrew language is rich in symbolism.
And so that's why I'm going into such
a detail here.
This statement in Yasha'yah,
verse seventeen,
is the very foundation upon which the
fulcrum of
who will have the opportunity to come back
into the garden and who will not,
and who will be there to serve those
who are given this opportunity.
It's all laid out here,
the timing of it,
a complete understanding of who the
players are and what they're offering and
what God is achieving and his overall
timeline is right here.
So it's really important that we consider
the full implications of every one of
these words.
And I want to open them up to
you,
knowing that you're receptive to learning
so that you can participate in this
process and make conclusions on your own.
Now, it speaks of Rosh, which means top,
most crucial, foremost, and uppermost.
And this would be Yahuwdym,
differentiated from Yisrael in this
context.
They are the beloved of Yah.
It is to distinguish the tribe of Dowd
from the part of the family that was
fractured and cut away long ago,
twenty seven hundred years ago by the
Assyrians.
Amir is from Amar.
It means to talk.
So it's a talkative branch.
Now,
this is to suggest that the Choter is
somewhat verbose.
Well, because he has a lot to say.
I hear you all chuckling out there.
Stop that.
Just kidding.
With these concepts now thoughtfully
introduced,
let's proceed with the translation itself
and consider the potential implications of
the concluding phrase once we have
rendered it all.
It begins, OLEL A,
immature fruit thrust aside and left on
the stems and branches.
the unharvested,
forcefully pushed away because it's too
young and it is purposely remaining on the
vine or the branches by the reaper from
Alal to be diverted and set aside as
a result of being juvenile,
still capricious.
as would be the case when an olive
tree is beaten from all around to shake
off some of the fruit.
Now be really careful here.
This is an olive tree,
which means that all of this that is
transpiring on Taruwah here is pursuant to
Yisrael and Yahuwdym.
They are the olives.
They're wheats of Shabuwah,
Goyim and Yahuwdym and the Israelites.
This is an olive.
We're dealing with Israelites now and
Yahuwdym.
So immature fruit thrust aside and left on
the stems and branches,
as would be the case when an olive
tree is beaten from all around to shake
off some of the fruit.
Two or three, a pair, both,
a double portion.
Removed,
olive berries held back by the neck and
taken away.
Removed and crushed fruit from Gerar to be
caught and taken away to have been held
back and restrained by the throat.
And the top most crucial and foremost,
the uppermost choices,
vocal branch who speaks,
promises and relates, Amir.
highest stem from the summit,
from Amar to speak and relate,
symbolic of both Dowd and also of his
Choter, and they have a lot to say.
Four or five, Arba, Shemesh,
in the clefts of his crag,
from his branches which have been broken
off, in crevices, fissures, and cracks,
in a crag,
from secondary branches,
which were lopped off and separated from
the trunk of the tree.
Of the para,
the fruitful and productive bull,
the one cultivating and flourishing an
abundant harvest on behalf of future
generations.
All of this is in Yahowah's voice because
it is name Yahowah,
prophetically declares Yahowah,
God of
Yisrael.
Individuals who engage and endure with the
Almighty.
Yahowah.
Yahowah delivers.
Isaiah seventeen six.
Now we've already drawn this program to
the hour and fifteen minute timeline.
And I've done a lot to introduce this
and then I've read it to you.
And
We're not going to be able to expand
on every nuance of it,
but I do want to share with you
key aspects of it,
even after having covered every possible
word.
Before we go,
and we may pick up at this point
in our next program.
Yahowah's find of repetition.
He's very fond of repetition.
God's style of teaching is he tells us
what he's going to tell us.
He then tells us,
and then he reminds us of what he
has told us.
I like his style.
So immature fruit thrust aside and left on
the stems and branches.
These are the olives representing the
Israelites who were not ready,
not prepared for that final gleaning on
Taruwah the evening before.
And this is the case with an olive
tree that's beaten from all around.
That's the way they were gleaned at the
end,
trying to shake off some of the fruit,
which is...
to beat it with a stem, which is,
the Choter is a stem.
And we don't know if it's two or
three that are removed from the,
of the olive berries that have been held
back, taken by the throat, if you will,
and taken away.
The jugular,
if you could say that as well,
keeping them from spewing out nonsense
that would exclude them from this process.
Or this is just a second time of
where a third are gleaned.
All those are possible.
But these olive berries are going to be
in this position at this moment.
This is Israelites and Jews.
And you'll find them, this initial group,
in the top critical, crucial,
and foremost of this very vocal branch.
And that is because we're speaking of
Yahuwdym as opposed to those who are cut
away that would be Yisraelite.
It says four or five in the clefts
of Hiskrag.
My name is from the Celtic word meaning
crag, crag.
It's descriptive of the same individual.
These have been broken off.
This will be Israelites.
Parah is the Hebrew word not only for
productive and beneficial,
but it is bull from parh.
And he is the one who is cultivating
this harvest,
this now part of this process,
on behalf of future generations,
because we've now gone from the Qatsyr for
Shabuwah to the Lakot of Taruwah,
always operating as the Zarowa cultivating
the harvest, who is now the Parah,
this fruitful and productive bull.
He is the Adamah Parah.
And we have this prophetically delivered
by Yahowah himself,
who I think can be trusted in this
regard.
So during the evening of September,
twenty-third, twenty-thirty-three,
after the Taruwah gleaning,
there will be an ole lah,
a
a time whereby Yahuwdym and Israelites
still clinging to the tree will be shaken
and taken aside and then protected.
And while I initially perceived that these
olives represented those heaven bound in
the sunset Lakot, the evening before,
I now see them as the mortal remnant
that's left behind.
But either way,
there will be a multiple of seven,
two plus three and four plus five,
of seven Yahuwdym and Israelite souls
preserved, whether that be seventy,
seven hundred,
seven thousand or seventy thousand.
Again,
It doesn't matter because it is quality
over quantity.
We're being entrusted with so much.
Therefore,
in addition to whatever number of olives
gleaned,
there will be other set aside and left
on the branches and they will not be
part of the Lakot,
but what will be available to be purged
of their residual guilt.
And since this was prefaced by Sha'ar,
we know that they will remain in physical
bodies while the Zarowa will be reduced to
flesh and blood as the sun rises and
the full light of Taruwah becomes evident.
Sound the shofar.
But more on this in a moment.
Now,
continuing to probe the full implications
of every word, arba is four,
fourfold or fourth,
square or twenty-five percent,
and chemesh is five, fivefold, fifth,
or in some cases, even stomach.
Therefore,
this could be a multiplier pull of four
or five,
or an indication that this represents a
fourth and fifth iteration of this
process.
My initial inclination is to affirm that
two plus five equals seven and three plus
four equals seven,
suggesting that there will be a multiple
of seven, seventy,
seven hundred or seven thousand purged on
Taruwah with Yahuwdym being outnumbered by
Israelites.
And that would be by approximately two to
one.
Yet another possibility with these numbers
is that Yahuwdym will benefit the most from
the Mowedym and three Matzah and the three,
which is the Mowedym two and three,
which are Matzah and Bikuwrym,
while Yisraelite will capitalize upon
Miqrah four and five.
So, uh,
Miqrah two and three, Matzah and Bikuwrym,
you're purged of your religious guilt,
you become children of God.
Yisraelite will capitalize upon Miqrah
four and five,
which are Shabuwah and Taruwah,
as they were found having after they had
been lost.
by Sha'if Hu denotes Israelites as opposed
to Yahuwdym.
They were sharif, lopped off and cut away,
twenty seven hundred years ago,
but are now found in the Sha'if clefts
of the rocks by the Sha'if crag,
who is now the secondary branch of the
tree.
Therefore,
Ba She'ef suggests that the Israelites are
being given a second chance to be grafted
back into the tree of lives via secondary
stem, i.e.
this case,
the choter through the tree of knowledge.
Now in this light,
and as previously noted,
Amir is a play on words.
Yahowah through Yasha'yah is affirming the
obvious.
Mayada is loquacious.
He is talkative, a bit boisterous,
but he is also a crack with the
cracks and crevices to show his age and
the battle scars earned along the way.
And while we have known that the Zerroah
is fruitful as a result of the actionable
root of this title being Zerah,
sowing seeds,
this is the first time that the one
cultivating the Mowedym seed
as the cat seer has been identified as
a para productive bull and of that there
are some extraordinary implications which
is why we are here in our return
to the garden in route to numbers nineteen
and the sacrifice of the anima para
Now,
since Yahowah called his final Zarowa an
amir, talkative stick,
it is germane to this conversation to
reveal that par bol was written perosh.
These letters are found among the six in
the Hebrew, the final six, I should say,
in the Hebrew alphabet.
And they mean that this come lately will
be a man known for his head and
his mouth.
Yahowah's par listens, observes, thinks,
and then speaks.
That is why he is the whole voice
of God.
It is also insightful to reveal that
parah, the productive one,
is scribed when it has the ah,
the hey ending, it's peh-rosh-hey,
which is presented as the mouth, the head,
and the person standing upright in the
original script of the Towrah.
This affirms that the bull with the big
head and mouth, well, he's human.
The productive one pursuing the harvest is
an exceptionally vocal, observant,
and thoughtful man who takes a stand to
point the way to God.
In his final act in this role,
he is dubbed the Adam of Perah,
this bloody red man of the earth who
is a productive bull,
which is perceived by many to be the
red heifer in Bamidbar, Numbers nineteen.
So as the case with many words sharing
the par root of bull,
para is identified as to expose,
to dismiss, to uncover,
and then to absolve.
This is relevant because the anima paras
ensuing sacrifice on Taruwah on behalf of
those left behind is to unbind and
discharge with payment remitted to
overlook the penalty that would otherwise
be incurred.
Foreshadowing with the bull will endure as
we consider this ordeal.
In the fourth book of the Towrah,
Parah speaks of baring the skin and
smashing away at it to provide
compensation.
He's going to be beaten to death.
Describing the nature of those bludgeoning
the man in the guise of the bull
to death,
Par reveals that an unrestrained man,
unrestrained mob,
will be attacked by a man and that
they're going to be out of control.
The related Peritz and Parekh speak of the
Choter's adversary, ha-Satan,
a savage and cruel creature who is violent
and ravenous and is a thief devoted to
death and destruction in the most
ruthless, barbaric, and brutal manner.
He is a rapturous and ferocious robber.
Of Satan's minions,
Purah says that they are a brood of
brats and swarming rabble,
chaotic and violent youths.
Then addressing the Purah's positive
traits,
Purah is used to describe a shoot or
a stem like the children,
which bears fruit like the tree of
knowledge.
and of a leader who provides freedom.
This is, in this regard,
the related parade depicts a fruitful
harvest producing young offspring
consistent with Zarowa.
This may be why Parah is defined as
a bud which blossoms,
addressing that which will happen when the
Zarowa's nephesh soul succeeds in this
regard.
In the waning hours of Taruwah, Parah,
the soul, will fly away,
making a linear motion through the air to
Shamaim as his body is incinerated,
along with Yisrael's guilt.
So in all of this,
we are witnessing why par-bul becomes so
much more as para,
just as the case with Etz-tri and Etz-sa,
counsel on the entire picture,
and adam-man as adamah,
bloody red man of the earth.
Para, which means to release, to let go,
to cast off,
totally emancipated in this context,
would be reminiscent of let my people go.
It reveals an invitation to another yatsa,
exodus.
This one from Babylon,
courtesy of Yairus Parah.
And in this context,
it's interesting to note that a paras is
a prince who governs.
He is the fighter who defends.
When spelled with an aleph rather than an
ein, para means to thrive in fullness.
This is germane because the para,
he is King Dowd's herald,
a prince to the king.
And while the tertiary definition of para
is deduced from the feminine a suffix
added to par bol,
the actual meaning of the word is to
be productive and fruitful,
cultivating offspring through an abundant
harvest.
To para is to cause others to sprout
and blossom, flourish and grow,
for them to thrive and mature.
It's a noble ambition.
should anyone think that the para
productive and fruitful bowl was
inadequate by itself to equate these
events of yom Taruwah of the herald this
day of the herald with the prophetic
portrayal of the adam of para the bloody
red man and productive bull and midbar
numbers well perhaps
Yasha'yah's next pronouncement will be
sufficient,
especially when considered as part of this
prophecy and the context it reads,
then he will actually be,
and it will come to exist that someone
who can be compared to the Qatsyr,
this harvester,
will be collecting and assembling the
ingathering and withdrawing while
escorting the qāmāh, the standing grain,
which is established and ready to rise.
And this Zarowa,
one cultivating the seeds sown for this
harvest to be fruitful and productive,
he will reap the ingathering from the
field with unfolding implication even as
time runs short during an anguishing
period.
for the first fruits flowing as a stream
of grain.
In addition, then,
he will actually be someone consistent
with a Lakot, one who gleans the final,
the smaller,
and the more challenging in gathering,
rapidly removing what remains of the fruit
on the stems off the main branch,
peering out of a torrent of floodwaters,
moving as a stream from one place to
another.
In the profound depths of Raphaim,
where the sick dwell,
will be healed and the defective will be
restored while the feeble will falter and
the souls of the dead will remain and
he will remain enduring being left behind
with this remainder as flesh and blood for
having caused people with a physical body
to be spared as a remnant during this
process
Immature fruit thrust aside and left on
the stems and branches as would be the
case when an olive tree is beaten from
all around to shake off some of the
fruit.
Two or three or a second and third
time,
removed olive berries held back by the
neck and taken away in the top most
crucial and foremost vocal branch who
speaks, promises and relates.
Four or five on the fourth and fifth
in the clefts of his crag from his
branches which have been broken off of the
para this fruitful and productive bull the
one cultivating a flourishing and abundant
harvest on behalf of future generations
productively and prophetically declares
Yahowah the god of israel of individuals
who engage and endure with the almighty
So therefore, according to Yahowah,
a man will arrive who is comparable to
a ketzer, a harvester, collecting,
withdrawing, and escorting the qāmāhh,
standing grain,
which has been established and matured.
This Zerroa,
one cultivating this productive harvest,
will gather it in from the field as
time runs short during a vexing period as
a flowing stream of grain.
Then, in addition,
he will serve as a Lakot,
one who gleans a final,
more challenging and gathering,
rapidly removing the fruit as a torrent of
floodwaters suddenly appear,
thereby curing and restoring the infirmed.
He will remain behind as flesh and blood.
while enduring a mortal,
enabling a mortal remnant, I should say,
now considered too immature as fruit to
have been harvested,
so they're set aside as they're whacked
off this olive tree a second and third
time by the most crucial of stems and
this vocal branch.
A fourth or fifth attempt will leave them
in the crags and the branches of the
para.
of the productive bull.
And then we learn that the kassir,
the lakat, the Zarowa,
and the para is a particularly observant
man focused upon Yahowah,
who is the one delivering this result.
In that day, this man, Paul Adam,
he will be particularly observant.
actually and consistently paying
attention,
highly regarded and he will accept.
He will shalah,
he will look favorably toward and respond
appropriately to the almighty.
Asha Hu, his maker,
the one who will engage and act with
him
to get this done.
And his eyes,
they will choose to continually look to
the kadosh, set apart one, of Yisra'el.
Well,
I'm gonna leave you with that because
we're gonna return to this when we resume
from our library studio because that too
is profound.
We have been given such marvelous
instruction
By God.
And exactly what we're going to expect.
Going forward.
And we've unveiled it.
So that you can capitalize upon it.
And that is why we deliver.
The Yahowah blog.
Good night.